Mom, I'll sell it to your dad
Look at you kid
Mom, you are all cured
Finally don't have to go to the hospital to suffer
Oops, the money is ready.
Oh, great.
No wonder I got up this morning
I feel more comfortable all over
Oops, when did you learn to be a doctor?
Why not go to the hospital?
I was going to the hospital
But now it seems that I can't go at all
Zhang Hua, I misjudged you.
How filial of you!
It's all for others to eat every year
Filial piety, go and chase your daughter-in-law back, okay?
I'll chase after you
You sit first
My mother-in-law gave it to me 200,000
I don't want this.
Go and keep your wife alive
What if he is angry for nothing?
Don't come back
Wife, I left 100,000 dollars in this card
I'll give you Zhang Fan.
How interesting are you?
This money is for your mother's treatment
What do you mean by giving it back to me now?
Don't worry, wife.
That's 100,000 bucks. I won't let them play for nothing
What is this nerd doing?